# Cplusplus
C++ artifacts
Regarding the WildLifeZooFiles project:
  This application integrated Java and C++ classes to generate, read and update a text file of animal data. I was able to devise a method for reading the file contents into a single vector according to either of two animal types, with each having unique attributes not shared by the other type.  This was made possible by the use of two virtual methods in the parent class, as well as the vector being composed of pointers to either animal type.  Other functionality of the application included adding and deleting elements from the vector separately from updating the text file, as well as printing the vector contents to the screen in tabular format.  My use of references to the vector within every function was the most crucial aspect of this project, since each function required access to read from or update the same singular vector.  Another challenge was discovering that the output file stream required a reference from the FilePrint function (the second of two virtual functions in the base class) in order to print the vector data to the text file.  A friend in the CS field was able to point me in the right direction on this, and it was confirmation of a suspicion that I had held in the course of writing the program.  
  At this point in my education, I found this to be a challenging project.  It significantly increased my understanding of the use of pointers and referencing, as well as separating classes into files.  One of the ways that this program could be enhanced would be to integrate more extensive error handling, as there is a lot of user interaction which could cause the program to malfunction.  This vulnerability was addressed somewhat by using conditional logic to react to invalid inputs at most user prompts.  
  The code is clearly commmented, and the structure is straightforward, which both help with maintenance.  The structure is also modular, which makes it adaptable.    
